Update prometheus.remote_write.md (#4643)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/prometheus.remote_write.md

* `prometheus_remote_storage_exemplars_in_total` (counter): Exemplars read into
  remote storage.

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> `Unknown reference ID` refers to a Prometheus metric that has a reference ID which is not recognized by the remote write endpoint. This can happen for a few reasons, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Unknown reference ID` refers to a Prometheus metric with a reference ID not recognized by the remote write endpoint. This can happen for a few reasons, such as:
```
